Summary: (from ChapGPT)

Here's a plot outline for your historical romance novel:

###Setting:
**Late 1800s, coastal town in New England**

The story takes place during a time when smuggling along the coast was common, with 
illicit trade routes operating under the cover of legitimate businesses.

###Plot:

**Eleanor "Nellie" Barrett**, a strong-willed, independent woman, has just lost her 
beloved grandfather, a wealthy shipping magnate. To her shock, she learns that her 
inheritance, which includes his estate and family business, comes with a stipulation: 
she must marry withing three mohts, or everything will go to a distant cousin with 
dubious intentions.

Nellie despises the idea of being forced into marriage, but she cannot let her 
family's legacy fall into the wrong hands. Desperate, she turns to her childhood 
friend, **Daniel Whitemore**, a charming and enigmatic sailor who seems like the 
perfect candidate for a marriage of convenience. What she doesn't know is that Daniel 
has been secretly involved in smuggling goods along the coast, using his connections 
within the legitimate shipping business as a cover.

**Conflice and Tension:**
Nelliw is practical and focused on keeping the family business afloat, while Danile 
lives on the edge, used to bending the law to his advantage. Their arrangement becomes 
complicated as Nellie starts to suspect that Danilel is hiding something. Meanwhile, a 
customer officer arrives in town, investigating a smuggling ring that is dangerously 
close to unraveling Daniel's secret.

As they navigate their sham marriage, Daniel is torn between his growing feelings for 
Nellie and his need to keep her in the dark about his illegal activities. Nellie, 
despite her initial reluctance, finds herself drawn to Daniel's daring nature, even as 
she becomes suspicious of his late-night diappearances.

###Climax:

When Nellie's cousin discovers Daniel's smuggling operations, he blackmails him into 
sabotaging her business. Nellie, feeling beterayed, confronts Daniel just as the 
customs officer closes in on them. In a dramatic showdown, Daniel confesses his love 
for Nellie and his reasons for smuggling - he was trying to protect her grandfather's 
business from ruin after discovering it was on the brink of collapse.

###Resolution:

The couple faces the consequences of Daniel's actions together. With her sharp 
business acumen and his connections, they turn the shipping company around, turning it 
into a legitimate, prosperous venture. In the process, they discover that their 
marriage, born out of necessity, has become real and passionate.

---

This plot allows for plenty of tension, mystery, and slow-burn romance as the couple 
navigates their individual secrets and shared future.
